Added tech stacks in readme.md (#169)
priyankarpal/ProjectsHut: README.md

| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-blue?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=white)](https://reactjs.org/)                              | React is a free and open-source front-end JavaScript library. |
| [![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tailwind%20CSS-38B2AC?style=flat-square&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)](https://tailwindcss.com/) | Tailwind CSS is an open source CSS framework.                 |

> | [![Vite](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?style=for-the-badge&message=Vite&color=646CFF&logo=Vite&logoColor=FFFFFF&label=)](https://tailwindcss.com/) | Vite is a fast and lightweight build tool and development server for modern web applications.                 |

Reviewer: change to the vite website. 
```suggestion
| [![Vite](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?style=for-the-badge&message=Vite&color=646CFF&logo=Vite&logoColor=FFFFFF&label=)](https://vitejs.dev/) | Vite is a fast and lightweight build tool and development server for modern web applications.                 |
```
